We start in the demonstration, with the installation of two type 1 rails, at a distance of 440 mm from each other.
Thus, a type 440 module can be placed between the two rails
Further modules of type 440 can thus also be arranged as desired
Combination with Type 1 modules is also possible
Use the flexibility and set up your workspace according to your requirements and wishes
If sufficient wall space is available, we recommend using rails of Type 110 to also make optimal use of the respective outer area.
For example, by placing a knife sharpener, a magnetic board for your notes, a paper roll holder
or a glove dispenser that extends vertically
or can also be attached horizontally
You can expand your system at any time and equip it with further modules and thus position everything clearly and within easy reach.
In this way, two Type 440 modules can be exchanged for a Type 990 module in no time.
Depending on the space available, your modular system can be freely scaled to suit the flexible use of other modules.
A short rail allows you, in addition to attaching a wall shelf, to attach various modules of type 1 or 110.
Wall shelves can also be optionally expanded on the underside by attaching a hook bar to make optimal use of the space underneath.
Individual rails also enable a space-saving, clear arrangement of your utensils.
Don't waste your time searching in drawers. Position your modules and utensils, visible, ergonomic and handy.
Benefit from our ever-growing range, optimise your processes and thus save valuable time. The modular system of chef modules gives you the freedom to change.